add more concrete documents for dataset formats when performing analyses (#481)
neulab/ExplainaBoard: docs/concepts_about_system_analysis.md

# Concepts about System Analysis

> In this docs, we will explain some important concepts that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these docs, we will explain some important concepts that
```

you need to know before performing system analyses using Explainaboard.

> ## What a "dataset" and "system output" is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What are a "dataset" and a "system output"?
```

> To perform an analysis of your results, usually, two types of files should be prepared: `dataset`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform an analysis of your results, usually, two types of files should be prepared: "dataset"
```

I think that `dataset` should mainly be used when "dataset" indicates a piece of code or a variable, which is not the case here. Probably just double quotes is fine? Similarly below.

and `system output` 

### `Dataset`

> `Dataset` usually consists of test samples together with true labels (or references in text generation
> tasks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "dataset" usually consists of test inputs together with true outputs (e.g. gold-standard labels for classification tasks or reference outputs for text generation
tasks).
```

> For example, in text classification, the `dataset` could be organized in a tsv format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in text classification, a `dataset` organized in tsv format may look like this:
```

```text
I love this movie   positive
The movie is too long   negative
...
``` 

### `System output`

> `System output` is frequently composed of predicted labels (or hypotheses, e.g., system-generated text),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`System output` is usually composed of predicted labels (or hypotheses, e.g., system-generated text),
```

> but sometimes `system output` will also contain test samples, such as `CoNLL` format in sequence labeling tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but sometimes `system output` will also contain inputs, such as `CoNLL` format in sequence labeling tasks.
```

For example, in text classification, the `system output` could be organized in a text format:
```text
positive
negative
...
```

> ## How the dataset can be gotten from two sources, either "datalab" or "custom"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## "Datalab datasets" and "custom datasets"
```

> The `dataset` typically could be obtained from two sources (so far): one is supported by [Datalab](https://aclanthology.org/2022.acl-demo.18.pdf) (Xiao et al 2022) and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ExplainaBoard currently supports two sources for datasets: one is through [Datalab](https://aclanthology.org/2022.acl-demo.18.pdf) (Xiao et al 2022) and the
```

other is custom.

> * if your datasets have been supported by [datalab](https://github.com/ExpressAI/DataLab/tree/main/datasets),
> you, fortunately, don't need to prepare the dataset. Instead, you just need to get the dataset name for later use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if your datasets have been supported by [datalab](https://github.com/ExpressAI/DataLab/tree/main/datasets),
we recommend that you load it through DataLab. This is for several reasons: (1) you don't have to prepare the data yourself, (2) you can be sure that your accuracy numbers will be comparable with those calculated by other people using ExplainaBoard, and (3) DataLab datasets support analysis with features calculated over the training set, which can be informative.
```

Author: excellent!

For example, the following command can be used to perform system analysis on `sst2` dataset (supported by datalab)
```shell script
explainaboard --task text-classification --dataset sst2 --system-outputs ./data/system_outputs/sst2/sst2-lstm-output.txt
```

> If the dataset hasn't been supported by datalab, we then need to specify a file path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dataset hasn't been supported by datalab, we then need to prepare the dataset in a format supported by ExplainaBoard (this varies from task-to-task, see the task-specific documentation) and specify a file path:
```
